hello hello long time no upload so I
thought I'd talked to you guys about
college because you know if you don't
have room for a study abroad or for an
exchange while you're in high school and
you're really passionate about it maybe
you'll want to pursue it in college so
right now I'm studying at Northeastern
University in Boston Massachusetts and
I'm here as an international business
major with a minor in East Asian Studies
which means that I'm going to
concentrate my business studying in
Japan or China but I chose Japan so
basically what it is it's a really rigid
program it's really unique to
Northeastern it's pretty well see the
thing is is that northeastern is known
for its co-op program so like that's
partially why I wanted to come here but
the thing is that it has a very unique
program where you stay at Northeastern
for approximately four and a half to
five years instead of the you know the
typical four-year college program so
basically what my program entails is
that I study I study at Northeastern for
the first two years so right now I'm a
freshman and next year I'll be a
sophomore so I'm gonna stay here I'm
also gonna do my first co-op next year
which is basically like a it's like a
very intense internship where you work
with a corporation or a company or
whatever for six months instead of a
couple like a couple months it's just a
more deeper immersion into whatever
you're doing so you do that your
sophomore year and then my junior or my
Midler year rather I go to Japan to
study for six months at Riccio
University in Tokyo which is pretty cool
for this Tokyo and then after I study
for six months I actually go on another
co-op except it's an international co-op
this time it's going to be in Japan so
it's not exactly a study abroad because
it's a lot more intense than that
especially since the last six months
that you're in Japan you you work in an
in like a work environment so you're
really forced to use your knowledge of
Japanese and the
culture and of what you studied in in
school and everything when you go to
school in Japan and at Riccio University
classes are gonna be held in English so
it will it shouldn't be that bad you
know concerning whether you're good at
speaking Japanese or not and right
before you go to the study abroad you
get to go on a dialogue of civilizations
which is like like it's kind of like a
cultural trip to Japan
that's over the summer so it's basically
like you go to Japan over the summer and
then you stay in Japan for the rest of
the year so it's it's like it's pretty
nice but but yeah so I'm taking I I when
I went to my foreign exchange I didn't
know any Japanese didn't know anything
about the culture it was basically I
applied for a scholarship I didn't think
I'd win and I won so I was like oh
awesome I'll my guess I'll go cuz it's
like a free trip to Japan for six weeks
who wouldn't go right um so that's
basically what happened and I figured I
might as well complete my stay there
because you know I love the country I
just don't know anything about it so
that's why I decided to do international
business with a minor in East Asian
Studies but I'm taking Japanese are now
your typical business classes in East
Asian Studies history class so that's
basically what's happening here I mean
if you have questions you can totally
email me and or message me rather the
thing is is that if it's about
northeastern that you probably are
better off asking the admissions
counselors or whatever if you're gonna
like consider going here cuz I'll be
here you know okay but you know I just
want anything else
I'm still here I get messages and stuff
all the time so I reply so yeah that's
that's the latest thing that's been
happening if aya if there's any other
updates which there probably will be
I'll keep you guys posted so thanks for
subscribing thanks for watching my
videos I will see you later